The effect of putting Shenlu Lin in the auction house is very obvious
Right now, the big names are frantically vying for auction house invitations
Xia Qingling now
Chen Nan Han Yanyan has joined forces
Mainly Xia Qingling
They raised a lot of money
It is necessary to order Shen Lu
My cousin from the rain?
I really can't find the star Han Yanyan and Xia Qing
After we catch them all
By the way, clear away the sins committed by the second master against you
To learn
The general has found out that the Changle auction and the Deer God Order are 100% genuine
It seems that the Deer God Order must be photographed
Immediately notify Han Yanyan and Chen Nan
Let them continue to raise cash
10 billion cash is far from empty
It's okay to let them prepare 50 billion cash
Oh, by the way, let Gu Shichen bring his girlfriend with him too
Make sure it's foolproof
Yes!
What are you doing here, hillbilly?
You are here too
What is the story called?
Could it be that I was dumped by that disability and wanted to chase my son again?
I ask you one last time
What about my son?
I went to welcome my new daughter-in-law of the Gu family
To tell you the truth
The identity of my new daughter-in-law of the Gu family is more noble than that of Master Chen
Tell me the identity of my sister-in-law
I'm afraid I'll scare you to death.
He is. I'm here for one thing
Just kill, not minister